so I just read this the 2019 eight core
MacBook Pro is a perfect laptop computer
it has no thermal limitations the
butterfly keyboard it has excellent
durability and it's a great value that's
the end of my review hope you guys
enjoyed it
thumbs have you liked it subs of you
hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so today
we're taking a look at the 2019 15-inch
MacBook Pro so there's two kind of new
features this year they have new CPUs
and they have a new keyboard or Lisa
another attempt at a keyboard fix for
these devices and I'm not going to go
into the benchmarks and the nitty-gritty
stuff I honestly feel like there's way
more important stuff to talk about with
these devices than the specs but just
for the people that are interested real
briefly this is a very fast cpu the
performance on this machine is good no
it's not good I've seen good this is not
good
it's fair the CPU is good it's got an 8
core processor but the performance is
limited because that's running in such a
thin MacBook Pro chassis it runs hot the
fans the fans are not super loud it's
kind of like your standard MacBook Pro
fan but it can't turbo very much above
the base clock for extended periods of
time
it doesn't throttle below stock speeds
but it just doesn't turbo very much so
you won't notice the thermal limitations
of this device on a benchmark right
because it's just a short test what you
can do is run benchmarks for loops and
you'll notice a very drastic drop in
performance as you do consecutive runs
and this is what real workflows are
often like right you're not just working
for a minute at a time you often have
workflows that make your CPU go ham for
like 15 20 30 minutes sometimes hours
and the thermal limitations are very
pronounced over time so if you take the
exact same CPU on a very well cooled
laptop you can see a huge difference if
this CPU is properly cooled it can turbo
for days but in the MacBook Pro chassis
it can't do it now not everyone needs
that kind of performance like not
everyone has really long workflow so if
you have I don't know development
projects that just have short bursts of
no render time or compiling time then
you don't need it but I think a lot of
people that are purchasing devices like
this want the ability to just make their
CPUs go ham for a long period of time so
I'm pleased that this laptop doesn't
throttle to the point where it's running
below bass clock like we've seen in a
previous generation of this device but
my optimism for this device kind of ends
there because they didn't change the
chest
and I really feel like they I mean
obviously they could have at but I feel
like they should have apples decision to
not change this chassis design is
clearly motivated by profit it's not a
bad thing all right it's a company
they're trying to make money and this is
how they've been able to stay as one of
the most profitable companies in the
world because when they made this first
design in 2016 when they built this
chassis the engineering the tooling
costs the manufacturing cost to make
that design was super expensive and the
longer that they can ride this kind of
design for the more money they can make
because they can amortize the cost of
the production and the engineering they
know their customers could use and
improve chassis it's just that it's a
smart business decision to keep it going
for as long as possible and they're not
the only company and guilty of this
right Dell does us the XPS 15 comes to
mind it's just that we could use a an
improvement in the in the chassis for
the MacBook Pros okay the other thing
that they improve this year or attempted
to prove this here is the keyboard this
is now the fifth iteration of the
butterfly keyboard some people would
argue that it's the fourth but if you
technically look at every single kind of
change they made on this keyboard over
the years it is the fifth version I'm
glad they made this tweak it's
supposedly a new material for one of the
keyboard components but I can't help but
feel doubtful like after four failed
iterations is this one really gonna fix
it I think time will tell look after a
few months if errors pop up and people
complain about it we'll know but I just
don't have a lot of faith in this new
tweak I mean if someone just asked me
today hey Dave what's the most reliable
keyboard out there for laptops I
probably wouldn't choose the 2019
MacBook Pro I'm just saying
but the typing experience despite this
tweak remains largely the same it's just
a little bit different to me like
slightly mushy air compared to the 2018
model but I think most people would find
them comparable related to the keyword
is that fact that they've extended their
keyboard repair program so now they
include the 2018 models as well as the
new 2019 miles it's a little bit weird
that even the new ones are on that list
it's peace of mind but you would think
that the new one with the fix would just
not even need to be repaired in the
future but I guess it's good
it is commendable that Apple is running
this program at all like I feel like
most companies out there wouldn't have a
program like this regardless of how bad
their keyboards were like can you
imagine Dell or Lenovo or HP running a
program where customers can go into a
shop and get their keyboard replace an
unlimited number of times for four years
it's cool that Apple has this they've
obviously run the numbers like they've
got their act irreal scientists there
that crunch the numbers they've run the
statistics they determined that it's
cheaper for them to run this Apple
keyboard repair program then it would
have been to try to redesign the
keyboard completely to try to fix them
because this program this repair program
is not cheap right it's gonna cost them
a lot of money over the course of the
four years coming it's just that it's
cheaper to do this program then for them
to just redo the keyboard in this
chassis they probably took that budget
and spent it into the next chassis
hopefully that will be fixed okay so I
guess the main question is is this eight
core macbook pro worth it because it's a
very expensive machine for the right
person though I think it's worth it you
just gotta be able to take advantage of
the multi-core capabilities of the CPU
keep in mind though there are some
issues it does have thermal limitations
the keyboard is still a bit of a gamble
and the price tag the price tag is
fierce it's a big good morning